Crypto Update CLI Project

- I'm also going to put the text below on my blog
  with some more extra cool content so stay tuned for that

I decided to create a CLI to be able to look up the coin prices in my turminal when I am coding.
Which was the genius of this project.

So the over all plan for this project is as follows:

1. Make a cli that gets data from a main crypto exchange / site resource
2. Populate the terminal with up to date information about their favorate crypto asset
3. enable user to be able to choose from the top 100 crypto
assets to see more detailed information about that coin


The way that I will get the data that I need is scrape the site: https://info.binance.com/en
It's where I usually get information about the price of a coin.

At this point of the project Im proplex about what data that I am interested in seeing.
I only care about a few things: the coins - name, price, 24 hour change, market cap to start.

Scrapping dynamic data was sort of a pain but eventually I was able to scrape data and display it in the cli.
My thought p


In the beginning we wanted to scrape binance.
but we where faced with an issue in regards to the dynmic nature of the site as well as the volitility of the
crypto market. because the market is quite volitile the data was hard to scrape. so we ended up changing our approach to
focus on different metrics. Mainly instead of a sec to sec bases we focused on a day to day prospective.

which makes scraping that site (https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/volume/monthly/) a little bit more to manage.



changes:
In the beginning I was thinking that Scraping binance.com would be a good idea for the data that I need.
But, it turns out everytime I ran the program it would try to scrape the site but it would only get a few of the scraped data that I need.
It turns out the site is always changing due to constant change of the data (prices...). So that lead me to
change the site from binance.com to coinmarketcap.com because of the less frequency of change done by the site .
The data will change every day, week, month vs every second, minute.

 
